.\"
.\" libdivecomputer
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2020 Vincent Hagen <vinnie@script4web.nl>
.\"
.\" This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
.\" version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
.\" MA 02110-1301 USA
.\"
.Dd June 5, 2020
.Dt DC_BLUETOOTH_ADDR2STR 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm dc_bluetooth_addr2str
.Nd Convert a bluetooth address to a string.
.Sh LIBRARY
.Lb libdivecomputer
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In libdivecomputer/bluetooth.h
.Ft "const char*"
.Fo dc_bluetooth_addr2str
.Fa "dc_bluetooth_address_t address"
.Fa "char *str"
.Fa "size_t size"
.Fc
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Convert a bluetooth address to a string.
.Pp
The bluetooth address is formatted as XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX, where each XX is a
hexadecimal number specifying an octet of the 48-bit address.
The minimum size for the buffer is
.Dv DC_BLUETOOTH_SIZE
bytes.
.Pp
The reverse can be done with
.Xr dc_bluetooth_str2addr 3 .
.Sh RETURN VALUES
Returns the bluetooth address represented as a string.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr dc_bluetooth_str2addr 3 .
.Sh AUTHORS
The
.Lb libdivecomputer
library was written by
.An Jef Driesen ,
.Mt jef@libdivecomputer.org .
.br
This manpage is written by
.An Vincent Hagen ,
.Mt vinnie@script4web.nl .
