.\"
.\" libdivecomputer
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2017 Kristaps Dzonsons <kristaps@bsd.lv>
.\"
.\" This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
.\" version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
.\" MA 02110-1301 USA
.\"
.Dd January 5, 2017
.Dt DC_CONTEXT_NEW 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm dc_context_new
.Nd create a new device-handling context
.Sh LIBRARY
.Lb libdivecomputer
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In libdivecomputer/context.h
.Ft dc_status_t
.Fo dc_context_new
.Fa "dc_context_t **context"
.Fc
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Create a context in which dive computers may be queried.
The
.Dq context
supplies logging messages and so on, and may be re-used for multiple
dive computer query sessions.
It is usually passed to
.Xr dc_device_open 3
to query a specific dive computer device.
.Pp
On success, the context must be freed with
.Xr dc_context_free 3 .
You may configure the context with
.Xr dc_context_set_loglevel 3
and
.Xr dc_context_set_logfunc 3 .
This is highly recommended as the default logging behaviour of
.Nm
depends upon compile-time values.
.Sh RETURN VALUES
This returns
.Dv DC_STATUS_OK
on success, in which case
.Fa context
is filled in, or an error code on failure.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr dc_context_free 3 ,
.Xr dc_context_set_logfunc 3 ,
.Xr dc_context_set_loglevel 3 ,
.Xr dc_device_open 3
.Sh AUTHORS
The
.Lb libdivecomputer
library was written by
.An Jef Driesen ,
.Mt jef@libdivecomputer.org .
The manpages were written by
.An Kristaps Dzonsons ,
.Mt kristaps@bsd.lv .
