.\"
.\" libdivecomputer
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2017 Kristaps Dzonsons <kristaps@bsd.lv>
.\"
.\" This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
.\" version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
.\" MA 02110-1301 USA
.\"
.Dd January 5, 2017
.Dt DC_CONTEXT_SET_LOGFUNC 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm dc_context_set_logfunc
.Nd set the logging function for a dive computer context
.Sh LIBRARY
.Lb libdivecomputer
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In libdivecomputer/context.h
.Ft typedef void
.Fo (*dc_logfunc_t)
.Fa "dc_context_t *context"
.Fa "dc_loglevel_t loglevel"
.Fa "const char *file"
.Fa "unsigned int line"
.Fa "const char *function"
.Fa "const char *message"
.Fa "void *userdata"
.Fc
.Ft dc_status_t
.Fo dc_context_set_logfunc
.Fa "dc_context_t *context"
.Fa "dc_logfunc_t logfunc"
.Fa "void *userdata"
.Fc
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Set the logging function
.Fa logfunc
associated with a dive computer context.
The logging function is invoked with argument
.Fa userdata
when the log level
.Pq see Xr dc_context_set_loglevel 3
has been exceeded.
.Pp
The
.Fa logfunc
accepts the following values:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fa context
The context in which it was invoked.
.It Fa loglevel
The level of the log message.
.It Fa file
The source file where the message was raised.
.It Fa line
The source line (from 1) where the message was raised.
.It Fa function
The function that raised the log message.
.It Fa message
The log message itself.
.It Fa userdata
The pointer passed to
.Nm dc_context_set_logfunc .
.El
.Sh RETURN VALUES
Returns
.Dv DC_STATUS_OK
on setting the log level,
.Dv DC_STATUS_INVALIDARGS
if
.Fa context
is
.Dv NULL ,
or another error code on failure.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr dc_context_new 3 ,
.Xr dc_context_set_loglevel 3
.Sh AUTHORS
The
.Lb libdivecomputer
library was written by
.An Jef Driesen ,
.Mt jef@libdivecomputer.org .
The manpages were written by
.An Kristaps Dzonsons ,
.Mt kristaps@bsd.lv .
