.\"
.\" libdivecomputer
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2017 Kristaps Dzonsons <kristaps@bsd.lv>
.\"
.\" This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
.\" version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
.\" MA 02110-1301 USA
.\"
.Dd January 5, 2017
.Dt DC_PARSER_SAMPLES_FOREACH 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm dc_parser_samples_foreach
.Nd iterate over samples taken during a dive
.Sh LIBRARY
.Lb libdivecomputer
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In libdivecomputer/parser.h
.Ft "typedef void"
.Fo "(*dc_sample_callback_t)"
.Fa "dc_sample_type_t type"
.Fa "const dc_sample_value_t *value"
.Fa "void *userdata"
.Fc
.Ft dc_status_t
.Fo dc_parser_samples_foreach
.Fa "dc_parser_t *parser"
.Fa "dc_sample_callback_t callback"
.Fa "void *userdata"
.Fc
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Extract the samples taken during a dive as previously initialised with
.Xr dc_parser_new 3 .
Each sample is passed to
.Fa callback
with the
.Fa type
of the sample and its data
.Fa value .
.Pp
Samples are invoked as a sequence of sample sets.
Each sequence begins with a
.Dv DC_SAMPLE_TIME ,
then a number of sample types in the set.
When the next
.Dv DC_SAMPLE_TIME
is recorded, the sample set may be closed and a new one reopened.
After all samples have been rendered, the last sample set should be
closed.
.Pp
The following sample types may be raised:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_TIME
The time of the sample taken in milliseconds after the dive began.
Set in the
.Fa time
field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_DEPTH
The depth taken at the sample in metres.
Set in the
.Fa depth
field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_PRESSURE
Tank pressure taken at the sample.
Sets the
.Fa tank
index (see the
.Dv DC_FIELD_TANK_COUNT
in
.Xr dc_parser_get_field 3 )
and the
.Fa pressure
in bar.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_TEMPERATURE
Temperature in celsius.
Sets the
.Fa temperature
field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_EVENT
An diving event raised by the computer.
This may have the
.Va type
value of the
.Va event
structure set to
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_NONE ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_DECOSTOP ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_RBT ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_ASCENT ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_CEILING ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_WORKLOAD ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_TRANSMITTER ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_VIOLATION ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_BOOKMARK ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_SURFACE ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_SAFETYSTOP ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_SAFETYSTOP_VOLUNTARY ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_SAFETYSTOP_MANDATORY ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_DEEPSTOP ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_CEILING_SAFETYSTOP ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_FLOOR ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_DIVETIME ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_MAXDEPTH ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_OLF ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_PO2 ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_AIRTIME ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_RGBM ,
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_HEADING ,
or
.Dv SAMPLE_EVENT_TISSUELEVEL .
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_RBT
The remaining bottom time in seconds.
Sets the
.Fa rbt
field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_HEARTBEAT
The diver's heartbeat in beats per minute.
Sets the
.Fa heartbeat
field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_BEARING
The diver's bearing in degrees.
Sets the
.Fa bearing
field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_VENDOR
A vendor-specific data field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_SETPOINT
The closed-circuit setpoint (PO2) has changed.
Sets the
.Fa setpoint
value in bar.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_PPO2
The partial pressure of oxygen has changed (in bar).
Sets the
.Fa ppo2
field.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_CNS
The CNS (central nervous system oxygen toxicity) value as a unit
fraction.
Sets the
.Fa cns
value.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_DECO
Decompression phase of
.Fa type
.Dv DC_DECO_NDL
.Pq no decompression limit ,
.Dv DC_DECO_SAFETYSTOP
.Pq the safety stop ,
.Dv DC_DECO_DECOSTOP
.Pq a decompression stop ,
or
.Dv DC_DECO_DEEPSTOP
.Pq a mandatory or suggested deep-stop .
Also sets the
.Fa depth
in metres and the
.Fa time
in seconds.
.It Dv DC_SAMPLE_GASMIX
Switch to a given gas mix index (see the
.Dv DC_FIELD_GASMIX_COUNT
in
.Xr dc_parser_get_field 3 ) .
Sets the
.Fa gasmix
field.
.El
.Sh RETURN VALUES
Returns
.Dv DC_STATUS_OK
on success and another code on failure.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr dc_parser_new 3
.Sh AUTHORS
The
.Lb libdivecomputer
library was written by
.An Jef Driesen ,
.Mt jef@libdivecomputer.org .
The manpages were written by
.An Kristaps Dzonsons ,
.Mt kristaps@bsd.lv .
